It's my best friend. I'll introduce you guys later. She's shining star at the outfit
I'm excited to watch it.
All right.
He's that charming, huh?
He's totally my type. Oh, by the way, Caroline, please help me take out his sister's dress.
I must capture our young hot president's eyes at the welcome dinner tonight.
You got it, girl.
Hey, Caroline. Your mom lost husband and finally made it back.
Heidi, you know, Philip was just working out of time.
Oh, good for him. I was afraid we'd see him on the news for Robin the Bank or get him
arrested.
Heidi, thank you very much for your concern.
All right. All right. Heidi is just messing around.
Philip, you have any gifts for us?
Yes. Nick, go ahead and pick whichever line of life.
Looks like plastic broaches, some wine from a fake vineyard and cheap ceramics that won't
even sell for 10 bucks.
Caroline here, are you sure your man isn't going to trick on us?